## OTPass Bundle

The Laravel OTPass bundle can work with Google's Authenticator app and/or support most (if not all) OATH based HOTP/TOTP systems.

## Installing using Artisan CLI:

```bash
php artisan bundle:install OTPass
```

Either auto-load the bundle in application/bundles.php:

```php
return array(
    'otpass' => array('auto' => true)
);
```

Or manually start:

```php
Bundle::start('otpass');
```

## Usage/Examples


#### To Generate a User Random Key

```php

HOTPass::userRandomKey();

// will generate a random key like 35ZCFIQ4SXTO6EYL
```

#### Getting the HOTP number 
This will generate the HOTP number that will change every 30 sec,
and you can compare it with the same code generated by Google's Authenticator app.

You have to provied the User Random Key that should be stored with User Info.

```php
HOTPass::generate("35ZCFIQ4SXTO6EYL", 30);
// for example HOTP number 173787
```

#### Generate QRcode

To Generate QRcode to be scanned with Google's Authenticator app. To  setup the account in the app.

@param String $user is the user name
@param String $host is the website base url
@param String $secret is the secret that was genereted for the user

```php
HOTPass::getQRcodeURL("zeroows", "localhost", $secret);
// it will return link like http://chart.apis.google.com/chart?cht=qr&chs=150x150&chl=otpauth://totp/localhost:zeroows?secret=35ZCFIQ4SXTO6EYL&chld=H|0

```

## License

Apache License 2

Copyright 2012 Abdulrhman Alkhodiry

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
